Update EKS Config & Create EKS Guide (#489)
aquasecurity/kube-bench: README.md

### Running in an EKS cluster

> There is a `job-eks.yaml` file for running the kube-bench node checks on an EKS cluster. The significant differences on EKS: Is it's not possible to schedule jobs onto the master node, so master checks can't be performed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a `job-eks.yaml` file for running the kube-bench node checks on an EKS cluster. The significant difference on EKS is that it's not possible to schedule jobs onto the master node, so master checks can't be performed
```

##### Getting Started with EKS
1. To create an EKS Cluster refer to [Getting Started with Amazon EKS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html) in the *Amazon EKS User Guide*

>   - Information on configuring `eksctl`, `kubectl` and the AWS CLI is within

Reviewer: I'd rather leave these "getting started with EKS" lines out here because we don't have corresponding "getting started with Kubernetes / OpenShift" etc.

Author: Removing that as suggested. Will update PR in a bit @lizrice

> 2. Create an [Amazon Elastic Contaier Registry (ECR)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/what-is-ecr.html) repository to host the kube-bench container image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an [Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/what-is-ecr.html) repository to host the kube-bench container image
```
